Readme suggestions (#78)
spacetelescope/dat_pyinthesky: jdat_notebooks/README.md

1. Notebook Concept
2. Notebook Draft

> 3. Concept/Draft notebook-driven development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Notebook-driven development
```

4. Integrated Notebook
5. Final/Public Notebook
6. Revision based on Community feedback

These stages and the process for moving from one to the other are described below.  

> **At the end, the procedure to submit the notebook via a Pull Request is described.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The procedure to submit the notebook via a Pull Request is described at the end of this document.
```

> This is done at any of the 5 stages.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is repeated for each of the 5 stages.**
```

Notebook over to a form of the release repository and doing one final Pull Request.  Note, however, that other 
STScI reviewers may comment on this stage.  It is also important for the authors to do an additional check over 
the notebook to ensure that it uses *released* (not developer) versions of requirements where possible. It is also 
a good opportunity to fill in the scientific context of a given notebook - e.g. add a motivation section, or a final 
plot at the bottom that shows the final science result.  Once this is done, and the Pull Request merged, the Notebook 
can be declared complete.

## Revision based on Community feedback

Of course, science does not stand still!  As time passes some of the completed notebooks may have enhancements 
or changes necessary.  In general these follow the standard Pull Request workflow and can be submitted by anyone 
once the notebook is public (both in and out of STScI).  While the repo maintainers manage this process, the notebook 
authors may be called in from time to time to provide opinions or perspectives on any proposed changes.

# Procedure to submit a notebook as a Pull Request

> Submission of a new notebook follows the git Pull Request workflow.  All details are in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submission of a new notebook follows the Github Pull Request workflow.  All details are in the 
```

> Submission of a new notebook follows the git Pull Request workflow.  All details are in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submission of a new notebook follows the git Pull Request workflow.  More details about this process are in the 
```

[STScI git workflow style guide](https://github.com/spacetelescope/style-guides/blob/master/guides/git-workflow.md).
Here we give a "cookbook" procedure,  
but do not hesitate to reach out for help from other members of the team if you are stuck or are not sure how 
it is supposed to work! 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note also that these steps are slightly different for if you update a notebook after you've created the first pull request - you can skip steps 1-3 and 5.

```

1. Go to the github working space https://github.com/spacetelescope/dat_pyinthesky and fork the repository to your user account 
(button "Fork" in the top right corner).

2. Clone the repository locally on your machine

``git clone git@github.com:username/dat_pyinthesky.git``

> 3. Make sure that your personal fork is pointing to the right upstream repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. While this sets up ``origin`` to point to your fork, there is currently no connection to the main ``spacetelescope`` "upstream" repository.  So you can point your local clone to the right repository by doing:
```

``git remote add upstream https://github.com/spacetelescope/dat_pyinthesky.git``

4. Create a new branch where to start the development and move to that branch

``git branch new_notebook_branch_name``

``git checkout new_notebook_branch_name``

5. Create a new folder where to develop the notebook

``cd jdat_notebook``

``mkdir new_notebook_name``

6. Now start building your notebook (new_notebook_name.ipynb)!

> 7. At any point in the development, save your work and push it up to your forked repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. At any point in the development, save your work and push it up to your forked repository. (Important: you must clear the outputs on your notebook using the Jupyter interface before doing an ``add/commit`` like this.)
```
